[Autogenerated] Okay, let's jump in now in the console here,
I'm going to go to systems Manager,
and this brings me to the getting started screen for A W S
systems manager as a whole on the left.
Here you can see the several groups that we talked about in the presentation.
We have operations and management application management.
There's actions and change instances and nodes.
And then we have shared resource is here at the bottom.
Now, operations management is not going to be tested over,
so we're not going to cover that in depth.
But if you click on it,
you can see that it allows us to quickly view our data and then
take actions against that collected data so we can see what's going
on in our environment and then run operational commands based on
that collected data and events.
Now there's also a CloudWatch dashboard and then trusted adviser.
Well, look at these other two here in the upcoming clips,
but for this one, let's go ahead and go down to instances and notes.
Now you'll see we have several selections.
I'm going to click on managed instances.
This is where we centrally manage and view our
instances like it says here at the top.
So to get started, if we follow this link,
it's going to tell us that we need to make.
And I am role or user.
We need an I am instantiate profile for E C two instance and
then we give the instantiate time to go ahead and communicate
with our systems manager account.
So let me go back here and I'm going to set this up.
Now let me load easy to,
and I'm gonna go ahead and I'm going to launch an instance.
So I'm gonna pause here, spin this up and then resume,
and I'll walk you through what I did.
Alright.
So I've spun up an Amazon Linux to am I on a small instance here,
and what I wanna point out is our I am role.
So if I follow this shortcut here and this is the I am
instantiate profile we attached to this instance you can see
we gave it Amazon s s m full access.
I would not recommend you do this in any of your accounts,
but for the sake of the demo, we're going to use full access.
You should go ahead and try and do the least privileged possible in
order to meet the best practice recommended by a W S.
So after attaching this, I am instantiate profile.
What it's going to do is allow us to have our easy to
instantiate push data to S S M.
So let's go back to systems manager.
And if I go to inventory,
this is how we start building our inventory for our instances.
So what I would do here is I would set up inventory.
I would give it a name.
I would specify my targets here.
So I can select all managed instances I can specify by tag or I can
manually select and you can see our instance here,
listed in the table.
It shows its online.
So it is communicating with S S M.
I'll do select all.
And after we specify our targets,
we can set a schedule to collect our inventory data.
It's important to know that 30 minutes is the shortest amount of
time you can have for collection intervals,
so we'll leave it at 30.
I'll scroll down and you can see we have to specify parameters.
So these are essentially the options we get that we want to
configure collection for On our instances,
it's a very broad amount of parameters that were given we can Look for
applications Networking config If you're on Windows,
you can look at your Windows updates.
Or maybe your Windows services that error running.
You can even scan for files and Windows registry on your instances,
so it's very powerful.
I'll leave the defaults,
I'll scroll down and you can see we can sync our logs to an S3 bucket.
So if we wanted to store this collected information somewhere outside of S S M,
we could do it in S3.
I'll uncheck this.
I'll click on set up inventory and there we go.
It's succeeded.
Now the next thing I want to do here while we give it time to collect
is I want to click enable inventory on all instances Now we might get
an error here because it's pretty recent.
So what I'll do is will pause and then once I'm allowed to do this, I'll resume.
Okay,
You can see now that we have enabled all of our instances to collect
inventory and obviously we only have one instance.
So it's just one that's enabled, but you can also see in the middle here.
We're starting to collect that data that we're looking for on our servers.
We C R O S S R applications that error installed.
And then there's some specific services to windows.
So we have no data for those now behind the scenes here.
What we did is we created an association with our managed instances.
This is a critical step.
By setting up an inventory, it automatically did this for us.
But we can also set up a custom association if we wanted to.
So since we already have some of that inventory collected
we can just create a new association, IDE,
and then use that to connect to S S M as well.
And when we go to this association, IDE,
it just gives us an overview of all of the parameters that we
set when we specified our collection desires.
We can CR resource is so the one instance that's associated with this IDE.
There's parameters.
We have our targets, there's versions.
And then there's execution history.
So we see it ran one time successfully.
So now we have this ability to dig in to our configuration settings on our
servers without having to connect into the servers themselves.
So go ahead.
I recommend you experiment with this and play around with it.
It's a handy tool,
and you will more than likely be asked some exam questions on it.
If you take the solutions architect professional exam for now,
we'll end here and in the next clip will pick back up by running some automation commands on our instance.